document how to use an http proxy with the ansible collection (#3881)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_creating-a-playbook-with-modules-from-project-ansible-collection.adoc

** Username and password
** Username and {PAT}
** Kerberos ticket, if your {ProjectServer} is configured to use {FreeIPA} as an external authentication source
* A system that you will execute your playbook against.
The following examples use `localhost`.
+
This system must be able to reach the {Project} API.

> You can choose from these options:

Author: It did!

* A system that can reach the {Project} API.
This is the system that you will execute your playbook against.

> It can be the {ProjectServer} itself, a {SmartProxyServer}, or any other system in your environment.

Reviewer: I propose the following change: https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/pull/3882/files

> * A system that can reach the {Project} API.
> This is the system that you will execute your playbook against.
> It can be the {ProjectServer} itself, a {SmartProxyServer}, or any other system in your environment.
> If there is no system with direct connection to the {Project} API, an HTTP proxy can be used.
> The following examples use `localhost`.

Reviewer 2: The bullet point starts with "system that can reach API" and adding a line about "system that can't reach API" contradicts that. I'm wondering how to best restructure the prerequisite to accommodate the new scenario. Perhaps like this?

```suggestion
* A system that you will execute your playbook against.
The following examples use `localhost`.
+
This system must be able to reach the {Project} API.
You can choose from these options:
** A system that can reach the {Project} API.
It can be the {ProjectServer} itself, a {SmartProxyServer}, or any other system in your environment.
** A system without a direct connection to the {Project} API that uses an HTTP proxy to connect to {Project}.
```

Author: Well, using a proxy makes the system able to reach the api. Just not *directly*. But I see what you mean.

Yes, I think that's good!

      use_gssapi: true
  tasks:
----

> +
> If you need to use an HTTP proxy to reach the {Project} API, set the `https_proxy` environment variable:

Reviewer 2: This doesn't look like an equivalent to the username/PAT/Kerberos step. In other words, this is something users would set _in addition_ to choosing username/PAT/Kerberos, isn't it? How about adding it in a separate substep?

```suggestion
.. If you need to use an HTTP proxy to reach the {Project} API, set the `https_proxy` environment variable:
```

Author: Yeah, it becomes a matrix. Ack!

> If you need to use an HTTP proxy to reach the {Project} API, set the `https_proxy` environment variable:

Reviewer 2: I'm not convinced this is a good place to use tabs. [In the Quickstart doc](https://docs.theforeman.org/3.14/Quickstart/index-foreman-deb.html#configuring-repositories_quick-start) it makes sense because you're not choosing between bookworm and jammy there; that choice has already been made and you want to see only one series of steps. In this procedure, I would lean towards showing users all the options (without having to switch between tabs) so that they can choose. Just my opinion, I wouldn't block adding tabs if that's what you want to do.

> If you need to use an HTTP proxy to reach the {Project} API, set the `https_proxy` environment variable:

Author: Your opinion is convincing :)

+
[source,yaml,subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
- name: _My Playbook_
  hosts: _localhost_
  environment:

>     https_proxy: "_http://proxy.example.com:8080_"

Author: I kinda didn't want to *also* adjust the vault.yml above to include the proxy url… but it can contain sensitive data and probably should live there.

Reviewer 2: Then perhaps instead of lines 101-118, a better idea might be to add a substep to the place where users are populating the vault.
